Conveniently manage your schedule, INTERACTIVELY and COOPERATIVELY. It is important to note that the MVP
provides the minimum capacity for interactions to occur. Whether visually or contextually, the information/data
will be displayed non-traditionally. The user interface will be solely as calendar, simple and plain. As students already
use their calendar, the use is solely to acquire the location and time of the lecture. We will emppower the users to 
conveniently receive relevant time-based information. For example, Jack who does not go to class, will receive immediate 
student-published information on his mobile phone. The user stories are elaborated in a seperate document.
Notifications are sent as push notifications and displayed non-traditionally in time blocks; to achieve
the time-relevant manner. Cooperativity will rely on the application’s backend processing of multiple schedules
to find the common available slot. This is the technical challenge to be solved; as more schedules are to be compared
at once, the less likely a common available slot will occur. Students enrolled in the same class will have privileged
access to their designated discussion board, to further explore the details of common interest. Since the value we want
to emphasize is convenience as people often neglect the importance of calendar, there is no better hosting platform than 
the mobile platform. Nevertheless, it is a goal to be across all platforms. Not only academic information can be fed
to users, club/organizations can utilize this platform to feed time-specific and thereby more relevant information to 
the students at the right time. To summarize, the minimal viable product consists the interactive calendar and push 
notifications, which can be routed to their own designated privileged discussion board. The incentive of volunteered 
user generated data originates from the students who already use other popular calendars to plan their schedule. 
We will provide the option of importing their calendars, as they will see the benefit of this application. Meanwhile,.
the management will generate information to allow users to receive immediate feedback/reward as an incentive.
