Birkhoff Wayne is a 4th year Computer Science student focusing on Network Technology and Artificial Intelligence 
at U of T St. George Campus. Single. He is a geek. He never goes to the lecture because he thinks he can find 
everything he wants from the Internet. In that case, he brings his laptop and smartphone with him all the time. Birkhoff 
usually spends the whole day playing with his cool products, such as 3D-printer, quadrotor helicopter or Google Glasses. 
He goes to gym everyday. He knows how to control the oven to warm the food or order take-out by using his smartphone.

A typical day for Birkhoff starts early. He watches morning news while he running on the treadmill for an hour. 
At the same time, he sends instructions to the smart oven to warm the Popeyes he bought last night using his iPhone. He starts to 
study at 9:00 everyday. He always finishes studying at around 13:00 since he is super clever. After a half-hour nap, 
he starts to work on his own project until midnight. 

Birkhoff rarely goes to lectures because he is not social, which gives him a lot of trouble. He missed 
important announcements, assignment deadlines and presentations dates. Sometimes he forgets to upload his assignment 
when he is done. And he becomes extremely upset when he noticed that the deadline of his assignment is passed.


Claire Watson is a 2nd year college girl from Statistics Department, majoring in applied statistics. She lives in North 
York with her parents, so she takes subway to school everyday. Her hobby is dancing. After school on Friday, she 
usually goes to Hart House to take dance class. During her weekend, she has a part time tutoring job for her neighbors. 
She teaches math and statistics, and she loves this job.

Claire is a very hard working girl and trying to get straight A on every course. She does her homework and reviews lecture 
notes during her way to school. She tries to use every minute she has, like eating on the subway. She 
thinks laptop is heavy, so usually she uses smartphone to check course updates or announcements on Blackboard.

Claire never misses a single lecture or tutorial. She will go to every office hour to solve her questions related 
to the course. In fact, she always gets good grades on her quizzes, term tests and projects. And her classmates are 
happy to ask her questions and she’s always willing to answer them. 

