##Team Members

Chuan-Keng Chou:
My name is Jimmy (Chuan-Keng) Chou. Entrepreneurship is my passion. I believe that a startup cannot
begin without a business model, nor success without proper mindset. Application is the direction to
completion or success. Despite having direction for a project/startup, there will be many factors
that inhibit the completion of the MVP. On the other hand, even with a committed mindset, learning
when to quit (or even less extreme to pivot) is an essential observational skill to have. The
enthusiasm may render one to be oblivious of signs to quit, and blindlessly continue in the wrong
direction. Having the balance between commitment and enthusiasm is important in the process of
creating value; weighing constantly and become aware of signs. An analogy that I like to make is to
be a raging bull with direction. 

Chidinma Nwaka:
Hi, my name is Chidinma Nwaka and I am a computer science student at the University of Toronto.
I really like my program because of the hands-on experience I constantly get while taking all
my courses, and the sense of accomplishment I feel when I complete every programming assignment. 
I just started a hobby, which is programming on the web and I love it. I find it fascinating to 
see how multiple connection requests are sent across the web from clients to servers and 
vice versa within seconds. My dream is to become a sunday school teacher, successful entrepreneur a
nd philanthropist. Aside from computer science, I enjoy learning about how businesses start up 
and operate. I enjoy reading about success startup stories at my leisure time because they inspire me. 
I also love spending time with my immediate family and my little cousins. My love for junk food
will never allow me to become a vegetarian.

Shihao Zhao:
Hello, I am Shihao. I'm currently a third year computer science student and I am from China.
In terms of programming language, I have experience with python, java, c, assemblly and SQL,
and I am currently learning HTML, CSS, JS and etc. I really like team working, because it makes
problems and projects easier to approach and brings more fun, especially when you solved some tough 
problems together. Also, I would love to communicate because it is a efficient way to learn and make 
what you did make more sense to others, which is really crucial. So for now, I am really exited about 
what we will face later in our project and hopefully we will get what we expect.

Hongyi Guo:
My name is Hongyi Guo and I am a 3rd year student in computer science specialist program.
I am familiar with programming languages like Python, Java, C, Racket, javascript and PHP. 
I took CSC309, CSC343 so I have knowledge on programming on the web and databases. I also have 
a little bit expierence on web api and database design. I am hard-working and easy to work with, 
and I prefer communicating via internet such as email or some other messaging software, as they are 
convenient and efficient.

Zhonghao Liu:
I am taking this course as part of the specialist in computer science program. 
I have experience on teamwork with 6 people before. Also, I am familiar with Python, 
Java, C, SQL, HTML and PHP. I am a friendly person that willing to make friend with everyone.
Furthermore, I like to communicate with people and that give me the advantage to connect 
with my teammates, TA and professors. 

Manke Luo: 
I am Mike, and I am a third-year international student who is enrolled in Computer Science 
Specialist Program. There is no special skill I have, but I am really glad to learn stuff. 
There are some programming languages I am familiar with, like Visual Basic, C, Java. I think 
this group is an excellent group according to our first meeting. Hopefully, this project would 
be a good coding experience for all of us.

Jiawei Li:
My name is Kevin.I am a third year specialist computer science student, and also I am major in  
statustic. I have experience with Python, Java, C, Racket and SQL. And I am looking forward to
improve my team working skill through this project. I will work hard on this project and try to 
get along well with my teammates. Good luck to all. 
