User Stories:
Chidi:
As a student, I want to have all my lecture times, tutorial times and due dates all in one place so that it can be easier for me to manage. 
As a student, I want to receive notifications of things that are due before hand so I won’t miss any deadline.
As a student, I want to be able to share my schedule with my friends so that they can know my availability. 

Hongyi:
As a student, Birkhoff wants to be able to create and modify schedules and due dates because instructors will not be cooperative.
As a student, Birkhoff wants to prevent external personnel from modifying the schedules, because we don't want some arbitrary people 
to mess the system up. Therefore the app should authorize user before they can make changes to the data.

Zhonghao:
As Birkhoff, I need pressure to finish my job. In that case, I need count-down feature 
to keep reminding me the deadline. 
As Birkhoff, sometimes I forget time when I am doing my own project. I need notification 
before the due date.
Sometimes, I am in waiting list and I cannot find the time of the course. Also, if this course
have many assignments, I need to finish that even before I am approved by this course. In 
that case, I need to see everyting of this course (deadline of assignments, test date, 
office hours, etc).

Manke: 
<<<<<<< HEAD
As a student, I want to be alerted when the assignments are posted. 
As a student, I want to know the due dates of my assignments. 
As a student, I want to be able to change my schedules according to the prof's office hour. 

=======
As a student, I want to be alerted when the assignments are posted so that I won't start to work on it at the last minute. 
As a student, I want to know the due dates of my assignments so that I won't suffer from the late penalty. 
As a student, I want to be able to change my schedules according to the prof's office hour so that I won't miss anything valuable. 
>>>>>>> 493c118b753bcdb9aa2e98d3e256c9ae8473cc38
Will(Shihao):
As a student, I want a calendar which I can easily access at almost any time.
As a student, I want a calendar which consists not only course info, but also all the assignments deadline and test dates.
As a student, I want to be able to get professor and TA's office hour on the calendar.

Kevin(Jiawei):
As a student, I want to see all the dead-lines for all my enrolled course.
As a student, I want to be able to wirte my personal events on the canlendar as notifications.
As a student, I want to have some aggregation function in this calendar such as calculate how many days left before the due date. 
